Update UpstreamManagement.rst (#904)
C2SM/spack-c2sm: docs/UpstreamManagement.rst

.. figure:: pictures/upstream_scheme.png

   Installation scheme of upstream instances. If tag v0.18.0.5 is the oldest tag supported, the orange upstream instances can safely be removed.

Upgrade sysconfigs
----------------------

> To copy the alp's env files, use https://github.com/C2SM/spack-c2sm/blob/main/sysconfigs/copy_alps_env_files_from.sh

Reviewer: would need a bit more - to me the is related to a new upstream , for example:
When CSCS provide an update software stack upstream on alps the corresponding environement file need to be updated. The scripts ./sysconfigs/copy_alps_env_files_from.sh  can be used

SHoudl you not call it from inside the spack-c2sm , otherwise how do you copy at the write place (since you provide a http link is not clear)

Author: Addressed in next commit.

> To copy the alp's env files, use https://github.com/C2SM/spack-c2sm/blob/main/sysconfigs/copy_alps_env_files_from.sh

Author: ```suggestion
To copy the alp's env files from a new spack upstream, execute https://github.com/C2SM/spack-c2sm/blob/main/sysconfigs/copy_alps_env_files_from.sh from anywhere. The script acts relative to its own location, not the current working directory.
```
